Jake Petek
Lab 1 Questions

1. The most commmon word to follow 'happy' is 'birthday'.

2. The most common word to follow 'sad' is 'song'.

3. There are 58 unique words follow computer

4. The most common word to follow 'computer' is 'love'.

5. 'love' follows 'computer' 13 times.

6. happy birthday song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world

7. sad song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is

8. hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey

9. little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is

10. Almost every title devolves into a repeating loop. The most common loop is 'the world is a little girl in', with the 'you are' loop being fairly common as well.

11. amore mio babbino caro gianni schicchi

12. love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you

13. little girl i don't know what you are you are you are you are you are you are you are

14. Many words end up being followed by the common words 'you' and 'are' which are in turn followed by eachother creating a loop. The are some other loops
	as well such as 'de la vida es el amor'.

15. 'grassy knoll' and 'queer notions' both terminate, but the vast majority of title get stuck in a repeating loop

16. The problem was with repeating words, so the solution was to simply stop the title generation if it gets to a words that is already in the previously generated
	portion of the title. To do this I simply used a regular expresion to see if the next word to be added is already present within the song title. But, just 
	doing this will cut some titles short because a word can be contained within another word. For example 'are' is contained in 'beware'. Therefore the regular
	expression must check to make sure that there are either spaces or the begining or end of the string on either side of the word.

17. montana sacra nova baby i don't know what you are

18. bob marley is my love you are

19. No, this time I got 'bob marley song about you are'. This can be different because there is a tie between multiple words when finding the most common word to 
	follow marley, so a random one out of the ties is picked each time.

20. fat mama don't know what you are

21. I really like the regular expressions and the hash and array construction and manipulation.

22. I sort of dislike the abundance of equivalent syntax which made looking up different things in perl confusing.

23. I really enjoyed this lab. There were some aspects of string manipulation which were frustrating, such as the fact that new line characters were getting
	included in my bigrams. But, overall, the lab was enjoyable, and playing with the title generator afterwards was entertaining.

24. Probably around six hours

25. Yes , probably. I feel like I would use perl in the future if I ever have to do a lot of string manipulation.
